instead of being remembered for their
music these concerts were marred by
death danger or destruction I can't do
any more than just ask you to beg you
just to keep it together you can do it
is within your power
everyone everyone Hells Angels everybody
welcome to watchmojo.com and today we'll
be counting down the top 10 most
infamous concert mishaps number 10 Guns
N'Roses Metallica stadium tour
unfortunately James is on his way to the
hospital right now and were we're sorry
but we can't continue the concert for
you guys tonight after Metallica singer
James Hetfield was accidentally burned
by an elaborate stage effect involving
pyrotechnics the heavy metal group
canceled the rest of their Montreal show
things deteriorated further when Co
headliners Guns and Roses were late and
Axl Rose cut the --set short citing
sound and vocal problems I go and light
myself on fire and he upstages me
angered fans expressed their displeasure
with such violent street rioting that
the police had to resort to tear gas
number 9 Woodstock 1999
you got a problem in your shop it's time
to take
unlike the more peaceful 1969 original
Woodstock 99 was ruined by violence
rapes and vandalism limp Biskit frontman
Fred Durst made things worse by telling
the crowd not to mellow out as fans
broke stuff all around them the next
night after concert goers started
bonfires the Red Hot Chili Peppers
unwisely chose to cover Jimi Hendrix's
fire no deaths were recorded but there
were plenty of injuries and even some
arrests
number eight Puka pop only a few days
after the Indiana State Fair stage
collapse in the US mother nature struck
again at Belgium's polka pop while the
Smith westerns were playing the high
winds and heavy rain of an unexpected
thunderstorm brought down the stage the
incident took the lives of five people
harmed over a hundred more and brought a
quick end to that year's festival number
seven Altamont Speedway free festival
just be cool down the front and don't
push around due to the festival's
high-profile acts an unusually low stage
and over 300,000 concert goers the
Rolling Stones hired the Hells Angels to
keep them safe unfortunately the
intoxicated and drugged up crowd proved
too much after Meredith hunter pulled
out a gun the teenager was stabbed and
slain by the motorcycle gang during the
band set the festival was also the site
of three accidental deaths and hundreds
of injuries
number six
Roskilde festival in an effort to get
closer to the band
thousands made their way to the front of
the stage while Pearl Jam was performing
at Roskilde the group's attempts to calm
the crowd came too little too late as a
result many people including crowd
surfers were trampled under the human
stampede and the world lost nine friends
we'll never know
number five damaged plant or due to the
actions of paranoid schizophrenic ex US
Marine Nathan Gale this heavy metal
bands career was short-lived
Gale shot former Pantera guitarist
Dimebag Darrell while he was on stage
with his new band damageplan he then
fired into the crowd and killed three
other people before police officer James
nig Meyer ended Gail's life at least
seven more people were wounded number
four the who tour 1979 a year after
Keith moons death the who experienced
more grief when eleven fans were crushed
while trying to attend one of their
shows did they know that they were
trampling on these people yes mistaking
soundcheck for the real thing
thousands of ticket holders rushed the
unopened doors of the Riverfront
Coliseum the venue's inadequate crowd
control methods and first-come
first-serve festival seating also caused
at least 26 other people to get hurt
number three Love Parade the tragic
occurrences of 2010 ensured that this
annual electronic dance music festival
and parade would be no more that year
the festival's popularity drew over a
million people despite a capacity of
only 250,000 unfortunately 500 concert
goers were injured and 21 people died
from being squashed or suffocated while
using the overcrowded tunnel under
passes to get to the Love Parade number
two John Davidson
one of the deadliest nightclub fires in
American history prevented singer John
Davidson from playing at the Beverly
Hills supper club in 1977 that night
over a thousand people were crammed into
the main room where two comics were
performing and hundreds more were
enjoying other events in the club's
various halls and restaurants as the
patrons scrambled to escape the fire
they ended up blocking the exits with
their bodies sadly over 160 perished
number one great white this hard rock
bands headlining set was cut short after
foam insulation inside the station
caught fire because of pyrotechnics gone
wrong within seconds the 250 person
capacity nightclub was engulfed in
flames and over 400 people were trapped
inside in the mad dash to the main
entrance over 200 were injured and a
hundred were killed including great
whites guitarist Ty Longley despite
these mishaps and other tragedies like
the Republic acromial nightclub fire in
Argentina and the San Tekka Club fire in
Thailand concerts continued to be
popular around the world as long as we
are mindful of others and improve safety
conditions we can ensure that concerts
remain about the music
check out more top tens by subscribing
to watchmojo.com